[docs] add replit template to readme (#318)
chroma-core/chroma: README.md

# for client-server mode, docker-compose up -d --build
```

> The core API is only 4 functions (run our [💡 Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1QEzFyqnoFxq7LUGyP1vzR4iLt9PpCDXv?usp=sharing) or [Replit template](https://replit.com/@AntonTroynikov/Chroma)):

Author: ```suggestion
The core API is only 4 functions (run our [💡 Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1QEzFyqnoFxq7LUGyP1vzR4iLt9PpCDXv?usp=sharing) or [Replit template](https://replit.com/@swyx/BasicChromaStarter?v=1)):
```
